I'm Ryan at movieclips and we're here
with Vince Vaughn from HUD thank you for
the swag here I got my shirt which is
exciting and thank you cuz this assured
as well yes very much more company so
very nice thank you for representing we
are a channel of movie fans so we came
up with a list of rapid-fire questions
for you
you have to gut reaction you have to so
we got a few and we're just gonna run
through there's no there's no right
answer notebook are pretty woman pretty
woman rom-com or sci fi gut reaction
just go for it
oh man but this will live forever on the
internet that's okay I'm comfortable
with that because we all know that but
can be true for someone today might be
different tomorrow we're allowed to
change and I don't feel like I'm I'm
doing anything bad I will say say say
fine Julie Roberts or Sandra Bullock I'm
not gonna choose between those two
angels cactus clover pretty insane
John Hughes's my favorite I love both of
those movies or go Breakfast Club
zombies are vampires maybe we need a
timeout from both from zombies and
vampire it just the world in general I
like it I think it's great but I feel
like maybe let's get something else in
the saturation level has been reached I
think it's fantastic
Star Trek or Star Wars Star Wars Tim
Burton's Batman or Chris Nolan's Batman
maybe just cuz of the age I was all say
Tim Burton digital or celluloid is it
all that's controversial yes we have at
this point we have to be young William
Shatner old William Shatner like wine
I'm gonna go with older Shatner
although the you know the Rocket Man is
tremendous isn't it a young Shatner
doing the Rocket Man interpretation
literally undefeated he just greatness
he man times we got it we got it he got
well underneath some moments he had a
cigarette that made sense to him multi
personality is committed right powerful
and I felt like the folks at the award
show were like yeah that just happened
he just made that happen and I don't
know if
since then it's been a little bit more
tongue-in-cheek that's a shot look like
we're all in right I mean I'm getting
emotional thinking wasn't that a young
Shatner taking all of his chips and
pushing them in the middle Dafoe I'd
agree with you right in terms of girls
with the Dragon Tattoo haha meters first
in their American version I guess I'll
go with the Swedish first in terms of
Americans PI or psycho
hi puppets or marionettes not move your
hair Annette there's no one but you
that's a question you're never gonna
have to explain to anyone if someone
needs that question explained to you
they are not sit in this seat because a
reasonable man cannot disagree with Mary
enough avatar Titanic let me get off
this lifeboat which you live Titanic red
pill or blue pill ghostbusters or ghost
Protocol buster anybody that goes
Mission Impossible or Bourne Identity
gonna go Bourne Identity Twilight or
Twilight Zone provides own are you
zoning with me alright with you know
what did you think of the movie I'm not
sure I've seen it in its completion in
some time no how about the TV show
fantasy show on the writing unbelievable
really just a heavyweight around
breaking I was an amazing amazing talent
I see your lemonade Arnold Palmer
cannonball runners smokey the bandit
smoky gremlins wander gremlins to
Berlin's wand because without if it
would be no gremlins to magic micro
buggy Knights let's boogie
Will Ferrell preferred with the shirt on
or the shirt off there's no wrong
Ferrell and that's something that I
think that we should all understand for
these questions in the future there's no
such thing as wrong for in fact I think
you need a shirt Ferrell to appreciate
sure it was Ferrell India shirtless fail
to appreciate a short girl for my final
question though Matthew McConaughey same
question maybe both to there's no wrong
McConaughey thank you so much thank you
it's been informative and fun I think it
has been fun I think the questions are
very good and I'd like to ask you
quickly if I can sure any of those that
we disagree on and let's just if you
have a time let's just talk about why
quickly puppets or marionettes
you're gonna go puppet I mean there were
many Muppets who were marionettes okay
there's a few do Muppets trouble trouble
I mean yes yes for you Muppets yeah so
the question should be Muppets or
anything else that's trumpets is mislead
and in which case the is your own but
there are some puppets that are not
Lovitz well yes there's like rectangles
and squares Papa show's been going on
for a very long time
I'm not gonna say that Jim didn't
pioneer the puppet but he didn't invent
it and I think Jim would be the first to
say that so for me I feel that if it's
Muppets or marionettes that's a
different question but let's dial into
this puppets all things puppet or alt a
marionette then I'd have to go
marionettes ok then I agree with you ok
we're back to where we started on what
we got there thank you thank you so much
pleasure
you